Earlier in the night, I had an encounter with
someone who asked me about money. So, I don’t
know if that was connected or not, but it was the
only... [groans] One time I was casually asked
if I took donations, or if money was involved, if
it was free, and I was like, “Oh, it’s completelyfree.
There’s nothing... No money involved
in the situation.” But this person was shy,
kept a fair amount of clothing on, but not too
much. Like, had a bra, pair of pants and, like,
a watch. Things that you wouldn’t maybe normally
have at the temple. I wasn’t sure. You know? But
anyway, this person asked me twice if I accepted
money. And they were someone who I had never seen.
They were middle-aged. They were not able to make
eye contact very well. That’s not abnormal.
You know? And I was just totally.... I tried to get
them to engage, and they didn’t want to engage.
I asked them if they needed anything, or if
they wanted a blessing. And I can’t remember
what happened after that. They may have said that
they wanted a kiss, but I’m not sure. And I don’t
know if that actually means anything, in terms
of how police officers might engage undercover.
But this person, I could tell, was dealing with
a lot of internal conflict about being there.